# RELP
Week of 16 Rutgers Virtual Flyers Introduction  Work in groups of 3 The goal is to create a fully functioning full stack app that shows your Rutgers pride You will use Handlebars to generate HTML You will use Sequelize to create data models for the database storage You will use Express for routing You will use Bootstrap (or Materialize) as a frontend CSS framework You will use Passport for authentication You will use jQuery for front end form validation User story  Rutgers Virtual Flyer. There's a lot to do / eat / see / play at Rutgers. We need an effective way to categorize it all! Your app should have a user creation / login system. It should have a way to add places for everyone to see. Only authenticated users can leave reviews and ratings. There should be a basic filter that lets users narrow down what they want to search for (only 5 star places, restaurants, etc).  Remember  This will span two weeks and will be group work. Everyone must contribute equally. Design matters Communicate, communicate, communicate, communicate! Steps  Working in Groups  Use something to assign work! Github Issues. Trello. Something! Talk, text, slack, email. Communicate. Reach out for help when you are stuck. Ask your teammates. User Interface  You should have one layout that has all of the general components. Make it responsive. There should be at least 4 views (but of course, you're free to do more): Home Login / Register Place Detail Places Listing Data Modeling  You will blow away your database more times than you think. Be cool with that. Think about relationships. Pay strict attention to data types! Think about sessions sincerely. User Authentication  This should be an email address / password authentication system You should not be able to register with the an email address if it exists in our system Have password rules (at least 5 characters, etc) Routing / Templating  Most of what you do will be redone. That's okay! Typically each route will have it's own template, but not always Think about the routes that will be parameterized Copyright Coding Boot Camp (C) 2016. All Rights Reserved.
